There is eight planets in our solar
system. Today I'm going to be teaching you
the names of those eight planets as well
as a mnemonic to help you memorize the
order of those planets starting from the
sun. Let's take a closer look.
The first planet, and closest to the sun,
is Mercury.
Then Venus. Then Earth.
Mars. Jupiter. Jupiter.
Saturn. Uranus.
Neptune. Alright, now that we got the
planets
down, let's match them up to the mnemonic.
My.
Very. Expensive.
Made. Just.
Served. Us.
Nikiri. Alright you guys, I hope that
helped.
Thanks for stopping by. If you're new to
the channel,
please hit that subscribe button and
notification bell for more weekly raps and
mnemonics. Alright y'all, peace. Thanks
for having me.
Thanks for having me. Thanks for having
me. Thanks for having me.
Thanks for having me.